---
Title: Solarized Colorscheme for Notepad2
Description: Precision colors for machines and people
Author: Ethan Schoonover / Dennis Wallace
Colors: light yellow
Created: 2012 Feb 25

---

Solarized Colorscheme for Notepad2
==================================

Original Color Scheme Developed by Ethan Schoonover <es@ethanschoonover.com>
Initial Port of Color Scheme to Notepad2 by Dennis Wallace <code@achbed.org>

Visit the [Solarized homepage]
------------------------------

See the [Solarized homepage] for screenshots, 
details and colorscheme versions for Vim, Mutt, popular terminal emulators and 
other applications.

Downloads
---------

If you have come across this colorscheme via the [Notepad2-only repository] on 
github, see the link above to the Solarized homepage or visit the main 
[Solarized repository].

[Solarized homepage]:   http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[Solarized repository]: https://github.com/altercation/solarized
[Notepad2-only repository]:  https://github.com/achbed/notepad2-colors-solarized

About
-----

The default color scheme is "light", with the 2nd being "dark".  To shift 
between the two, use (Shift-F12).

Installation (Notepad2)
-----------------------

1. Open the "Customize Schemes" window (Control-F12)
2. Import the `.ini` file
3. Save your settings (F7)

To-Do
-----

This only includes changes from the default for "Default Text", "Web Source 
Code", and "JavaScript".  Other sections will need to be updated and 
contributed.

License
-------
Original Copyright (c) 2011 Ethan Schoonover
Alterations Copyright (c) 2012 Dennis Wallace

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.